#2927 Apply en (#23)
TOAST-DOCS/Push: en/console-guide.md

        - User can use app on one device only and a user can have only one token.

>         - For instance, if a user has a mobile phone and a tablet PC, he can have only one token, and push messages are delivered to one of the two.

Reviewer: 번역 테스트 - commit suggestion 기능을 사용해봄
```suggestion
        - For instance, even if a user has some mobile phones and tablets, he can have only one token, and push messages are delivered to one of the them.
```

<span id="message-delivery-receipient"></span>
### Collect Message Receipt/Check Data

- Message Delivery Receipt can be enabled. 

> - 활성화된 기능 동작을 위해 클라이언트 SDK v1.4 이상이 적용되어야 합니다. 안드로이드는 SDK 적용만으로 기능이 동작합니다. iOS는 추가적인 처리가 필요합니다.

Author: ```suggestion
- 수정을 제안하는 기능을 이용해 검수/번역을 진행할 수 있습니다.
```
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4572139/91128173-a8f75400-e6e2-11ea-96d4-6b0e5c9b6259.png)
댓글을 달 때 그림의 빨간색 동그라미로 표시된 버튼을 클릭하면 수정 제안을 할 수 있습니다.

>     - <a href="https://docs.toast.com/ko/TOAST/ko/toast-sdk/push-ios/#_19"  target="_blank">iOS 클라이언트 SDK 가이드 바로가기</a>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - <a href="https://docs.toast.com/ko/TOAST/ko/toast-sdk/push-ios/#_19"  target="_blank">iOS 클라이언트 SDK 가이드 바로가기</a>
```

ddddd
